sysdig APP config change per vendor recommendation (#88)
BCDevOps/platform-services-status-page-notifications: notifications/06-24-1100.md

**What is happening?**

> ITMS RFC 195614
> 
> CITZ - PROD MCS - INC0032789 - Apply suggested config change to sysdig agents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RFC 195614 CITZ - PROD MCS - INC0032789 - Apply suggested config change to sysdig agents

As we continue to troubleshoot the Sysdig pods crashing and failing to send all metrics back to Sysdig for use in dashboards we need to apply some new config and restart the DaemonSet.
```

**When?**

> Starting this afternoon (Wednesday June 24th) at 3:00pm PDT and is expected to last for approximately 15 minutes.

Reviewer: I've found that it takes more than 15 min (maybe an hour?) for the DaemonSet to fully rollout to all the app nodes.
